A function is pretty much a sequence of
instructions to perform a specific task.
Basically if you're building a car,
what you want the car to
do is what a function is.
Turn right, you wanna turn left,
you want it to drive, you want it to stop,
all those could be functions.
Now that we're back with our farmer,
we're going to start learning
how to define functions.
You'll notice in your
workspace that there's
a block that has a star in the corner.
This is a function definition.
At the top part of the block,
it tells us the name in the function.
The blocks inside of
it tells what it does.
This definition sits in the workspace,
but our farmer
won't do the actions inside the function
until we drag out the function block.
To do that you need to click on
the functions category in the menu and
drag out the fill 5 function.
Let's put the fun back in functions.